# project.py-2018

Project.py is a high level interface program used by Liquid Argon TPC
experiments to create, submit and monitor physics analysis jobs and
workflows that use the LarSoft Framework.

Project.py was originally developed by Herbert Greenlee for us in the
MicroBooNE experiment.  The success of the project has lead to its
adoption across a wide range of neutrino physics experiments including
MicroBooNE, Lariat, DUNE/ProtoDUNE, ICARUS and the Short Baseline
Neutrino (SBN) program at Fermilab.

Project.py-2018 is the next generation of Liquid Argon submission
software, designed to interact with large computing facilities,
storage systems and new analysis tools.

## Community Involvement

The liquid argon community has been heavily involved in the
development of the software tools that are used to analyze detector
data.  The community uses "common tools" which work across multiple
experiments and computing environments.  This approach benefits both
the developers and the analyzers by providing new researchers with
proven, easy to use tools and by lowering the learning curve needed
for new collaborators to use and contribute to the software.

Project.py and the other batch submission tools are part of this
common tools model.  Members of the community are welcome and
encouraged to contribute the project.

## Development and Release Cycle

The project.py team believes in the model of regular, stable
releases.  New releases and their feature sets are scheduled for
release approximately quarterly.  Each of these releases is considered
"production quality" and is intended to be used by the community.

Bugfixes and other point releases are available on a quicker
timescale.  Feature branches and other bleeding edge develop code is
available directly from the repository.
